= rugroupy

rugroupy is a ruby library which interacts with mongodb allowing one to tag entities and perform queries
to determine similarity between entities. rugroupy finds similarities by performing a series of map-reduce
operations using mongo.  By using mongo's auto sharding capabilities rugroupy's grouping operation can 
be distributed between multiple servers.

== features
 * find entities most similiar to a given entity
 * find the most similiar entities over the entire entity set
 * use javascript to include only certain tags in the grouping operation
 * use javascript to assign custom scoring to certain tags
 * use javascript to create dynamic tags

== Examples

See http://github.com/rwynn/rugroupy/tree/master/test

== Requirements

* Mongo http://www.mongodb.org/downloads
* Mongo Ruby Driver http://www.mongodb.org/display/DOCS/Ruby+Language+Center#RubyLanguageCenter-RubyDriver

== Install

* sudo gem install rugroupy

== Install from the GitHub source

The source code is available at http://github.com/rwynn/rugroupy.
You can either clone the git repository or download a tarball or zip file.
Once you have the source, you can use it from wherever you downloaded it or
you can install it as a gem from the source by typing

* sudo rake install

== Contributing to rugroupy
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Ryan Wynn. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

